[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is the Intel skull canyon
nook so I picked this thing up about
four or five months ago super cool
device but I kind of wasted its powers I
connected it to a TV and use it as a
media device it's capable of so much
more but because it had an IR receiver
up front I thought it'd be kind of cool
to just use it as a media center
I totally squandered its powers now a
month ago I decided why don't I just use
this thing as my main device because I
use a laptop normally and I thought I
have a screen a mouse and a keyboard at
work and have a screen mouse and
keyboard at home
want to just bring this thing back and
forth and use it as if it were a laptop
without actually being a laptop so I
tried it these are my thoughts aside
from emails and regular work I edit
videos and I play games so port
selection is important to me the
important ones are the SD card reader
for my video files for USB 3 ports
display outputs including an hdmi 2 and
a Thunderbolt 3 and this is super
important for me for what I want to do
with this because I needed an external
GPU on the inside we have two RAM slots
I have 32 gigs of DDR 4 and then there's
2 m2 Drive slots having two drives is
really clutch for editing in Premiere
and then not having to use external ones
is even better the CPU and the internal
GPU can't be upgraded those are soldered
on it's running an Intel 6770 HQ and an
Intel iris pro 580 graphics chip this
thing is a powerful computer in a tiny
package so performance wise for regular
work stuff obviously just burns through
it but the big question I had was how it
handles 4k video edits and I was
pleasantly surprised importing the
footage working with the footage
everything in terms of the editing
process was fast as long as you had two
drives installed but renders were slow
the integrated GPU isn't an Nvidia chip
so it has no cuda cores and ends up
using OpenCL to render the solution is
the razor core I have a GTX 1080 in
there and when you plug this thing up it
just flies I'm getting similar render
times to a quad-core desktop with the
GTX 1080 so something like a five-minute
video would render in
they're 12 minutes with the razor core
or an hour without it so in my
particular case I leave the razor core
at home when I can I edit videos at work
but they want to get home I can render
those videos a lot faster using the
razor core if I want to gaming is also
not bad obviously with the razor core
and a GTX 1080 this thing crushes gains
but even if you want to use the
integrated chip the iris pro 580 is
capable of pushing a decent frame rates
it's not for hardcore gaming but if you
want to play stuff like overwatch or
Starcraft you can get some playable
frame rates even at 1080p
I wouldn't recommend competing at
tournaments with this thing but the
occasional casual game runs reasonably
well fan noise on idle is audible but
relatively quiet
fan noise on load is louder but because
it's a tiny PC you can position it
further away from you unlike a laptop I
didn't experience any thermal throttling
even when I was editing videos or gaming
but running certain benchmarks it does
get hot enough to throttle it comes with
a backplate to mount it behind monitors
and stuff and it also has a second top
cover without the skull if you find it
too spooky or something so this uses 120
watt AC adapter and it's not huge or
anything but if you want to bring this
thing back and forth it's a pain in the
butt so what I did was actually
purchased a second AC adapter just a
generic $30 AC adapter and it just makes
the whole process a lot easier so now
the only thing you get to bring back and
forth is just the unit itself the last
thing I want to mention is pricing this
thing retails for around $600 right now
as a bare-bones kit so you need to pop
in your own storage and memory so it's
not the cheapest computer out there I
mean bare-bones kits are never gonna be
the best value but you're getting a
really unique form factor and for the
$150 price premium that you're paying
for this it's not a bad value so overall
I really like the skull canyon nook it's
not something I can recommend to
everyone who's looking for a laptop
the usage scenario is really specific
but I'm sure there's certain people out
there who could totally fit this into
the workflow and I'm glad that I could
share this experience with you guys hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs if
you liked it subs if you loved it it's
been nice I'll see you guys next time